IBX-5061: DateMetadata Criterion PUBLISHED target (#1890)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/criteria_reference/datemetadata_criterion.md

## Arguments

> - `target` - indicated if creation or modification date should be queried, either `DateMetadata::CREATED` or `DateMetadata::PUBLISHED` (both with the same functionality), or `DateMetadata::MODIFIED`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `target` - indicating if publication or modification date should be queried, either `DateMetadata::CREATED` or `DateMetadata::PUBLISHED` (both with the same functionality), or `DateMetadata::MODIFIED`
```
 * Consistency with following statement
 * Publication is queried in all cases
